docs: Add changelog v6.0.0 (#13934)
OfficeDev/TeamsFx: packages/vscode-extension/CHANGELOG.md

![ATK animation](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/96e34da7-06a5-4632-9243-db823e9edb51)

The name — Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit - better represents the full range of capabilities we now support. We believe this change will help you more easily discover and unlock the potential of building across the Microsoft 365 platforms.

### New Features

- **Use OneDrive and SharePoint as Knowledge Sources in Declarative Agents**

[You can now enhance your declarative agents by connecting them to knowledge sources from OneDrive and SharePoint](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365-copilot/extensibility/knowledge-sources). The toolkit allows agents to retrieve grounded, contextually relevant information from files, folders, and sites a user has access to. To get started, open your declarative agent project and select "Add Capability" → "OneDrive and SharePoint."

<img width="882" alt="SP-capability-da" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9bed27ab-fe7f-4c7e-acb6-989b01d6137b" />

- **Leverage Copilot Connectors in Declarative Agents**

> Expand your agent’s knowledge base by integrating Copilot connectors. These connectors let you ingest data from third-party APIs into Microsoft Graph, which can then be used within declarative agents. You can add a Copilot connector when creating a declarative agent or use the "Copilot Connectors" template to build and extend your solution to declarative agents later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expand your agent’s knowledge base by integrating Copilot connectors. These connectors let you ingest data from third-party data sources into Microsoft Graph, which can then be used within Microsoft 365 Copilot or through a declarative agent. You can add a Copilot connector when creating a declarative agent or use the "Copilot Connectors" template to build and extend your solution to declarative agents later.
```

<img width="1088" alt="copilot-connector-in-DA" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d9a4e48-a9ba-45a4-a7a3-1797cf0fc3f7" />

- **Kiota Integration for Declarative Agents**

> We’ve added Kiota integration to streamline working with OpenAPI specifications in declarative agent projects. Developers often need to handle OpenAPI documents when defining actions, this update enables developers to search Open API description documentations and easily regenerate actions. The toolkit now uses Kiota to read, process, and generate code from OpenAPI files—making it easier and more consistent to define and consume external APIs within your declarative agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve added [Kiota](https://aka.ms/kiota/docs) integration to streamline working with OpenAPI specifications in declarative agent projects. Developers often need to handle OpenAPI documents when defining actions, this update enables developers to search Open API description documentations and easily regenerate actions. The toolkit now uses Kiota to read, process, and generate code from OpenAPI files—making it easier and more consistent to define and consume external APIs within your declarative agents.
```

<img width="1089" alt="CEA-Agents-SDK" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df90331d-fd85-46bc-9d9a-4a1649d6e09c" />

- **Microsoft 365 Agents Playground**
We’re excited to introduce the [Microsoft 365 Agents Playground](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/teams-app-test-tool), a component evolved from Teams App Test Tool, which provides a web-based chat environment that simulates the behavior, look, and feel of various channels — such as Copilot and Microsoft Teams — allowing developers to test, debug, and iterate on their agent or app design without the need for complex setup.

<img width="711" alt="Agents-playground" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/daf9307d-84d0-42a3-bda6-d63e801acb14" />

- **[Preview Feature] Use TypeSpec to build Declarative Agent**

> To enhance the developer experience for pro-code agent builders, we see strong value in introducing the option that leverages TypeSpec for Copilot. This approach would provide a type-safe development experience, reduce dependency on JSON files, and offer greater flexibility in generating artifacts for your agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance the developer experience for pro-code agent builders, we see strong value in introducing the option that leverages TypeSpec for Microsoft 365 Copilot. This approach provides a type-safe development experience, reduces dependency on JSON files, improves the developer's inner-loop and offer greater flexibility in generating artifacts for your agents and actions.
```
